and there is a party going on yeah I can
see if what they're doing the cha-cha
slide more come in a little while all
right so I to the set up give you guys a
little tour of upper deck here then if
we keep walking down here we have two
shuffleboard courts may be awesome for
you still
then over here is just more of the same
observation that kind of thing pretty
cool cool
then if we come back from this pain it's
really seeing right there as you see the
party is right there actually
alright so now we just arrived here on
our private island and now I can do
things like parasailing waverunners
we're just simply relaxing I said when
we kept able to get a video some of
those kind of things for obvious reasons
but i'll let you know what perfected it
later so stay tuned alright so now we
just got back to the beach and in case
you're wondering think that we did was
parasailing in case you're wondering it
was pretty awesome so now just around
here on the beach it was chilling either
around here in these chairs first out in
the water and then there's some other
activities going out there like way over
there can't do me a fortune that here
there's a little contest going on and I
would give to the guys section but I
just wanna sit here and just relax so
I'll see you guys later when we get into
some more action alright so we just got
back from the private island and I did
try to go get some surprise for snacks
but apparently a cook cuz there are
closed out that are getting ready for
dinner
so yeah that was kind of fortunate but
turn two things going on here we have a
band going on up there is on the pool as
usual and over there in the hot dogs
yeah sadly it's our last day here on to
the windows guy that we're just
embarking and going back to Miami
tonight well we're starting to do that
tonight and we'll be back there by early
tomorrow so I'm very sad mr. last day
more to come once we get once we get to
Miami Airport alright so now we reach
end of the trip mom was your favorite
part of the trip the whole thing really
you don't have one favorite thing
dancing at the white hot party oh that
was pretty good and you may II was your
favorite part of the trip you don't have
just one to your part really all right
and last but not least you did I'm part
of trick yeah was our nice relaxing
family dinners to these special very
nice very nice and i would say pepsi my
favorite part of a trip was parasailing
so bec go just read my kid I can quit
our trip here from miami to to Nassau on
the private island so see ya